my parents Elijah Jackson with slaves
and sharecroppers in Orange County
Virginia slaves my father was born there
to a father and a mother who had been
slaves and black family is today and I'm
telling you that slavery did not destroy
the black family even though it
certainly was an attack on the black
family it made it difficult I am an
absolute shock the Republican Party if
this is the best you can do in trying to
attract a diversity of voters you're in
pitiful shape no I want you to listen
carefully you don't even have to listen
let me tell you something you don't even
have to listen with a third ear on this
one hell if you had if you couldn't hear
and you had to sign this you could
understand I mean this guy is crazy
hey Morning Joe uh I just wanted to say
one thing he didn't bring up is when the
slave master came in the house the
ladies that were married raped his wife
in front of him and fathered out the
children what kind of psychological toll
does he think that took on the family if
he thinks that does tear a family apart
oh I just don't understand where he's
coming from those comments and like
people love to throw how something is
always worse than slavery around when
they've never even really read anything
else well the property and
and they never and they did that but
they never they never they never got a
chance to to you know rid of their
children D and they thought about those
children every day in a moments of their
life and I mean the tragedy of it talked
about you know uh you know just just
living every day and wondering you know
where the children were all right or was
it mistreated and he had the nerve and
audacity to talk about you know oh it's
just it's just Christ but I mean it's
emotional